Add IModelsGenerator section to MB extending article (#5159)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 11/umbraco-cms/reference/templating/modelsbuilder/understand-and-extend.md

For more complex partial classes, you'll have to use the full version of the [Models Builder](https://github.com/zpqrtbnk/Zbu.ModelsBuilder).

### IModelsGenerator

> As of Umbraco 11.4, the IModelsGenerator interface has been added. The interface manipulates how to Models Builder works, allowing you to extend the different features.
> 
> The interface can be accessed via `Infrastructure.ModelsBuilder.Building.ModelsGenerator`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of Umbraco 11.4, the IModelsGenerator interface has been added. If you want to customize how the models are generated, you can make your own implementation of the `IModelsGenerator` interface, and then overwrite the Umbraco implementation with dependency injection. 

The interface can be accessed via `Infrastructure.ModelsBuilder.Building.ModelsGenerator`.
```

> As of Umbraco 11.4, the IModelsGenerator interface has been added. If you want to customize how the models are generated, you can make your own implementation of the `IModelsGenerator` interface, and then overwrite the Umbraco implementation with dependency injection. 

Author: I've committed your suggestion @Zeegaan , but only to make another suggestion to that suggestion (🙃 ), to shorten the sentence a bit!
Let me know if it still works 🤞 

```suggestion
As of Umbraco 11.4, the IModelsGenerator interface has been added. If you want to customize how the models are generated, you can make your own implementation of the `IModelsGenerator` interface. You can then overwrite the Umbraco implementation with dependency injection. 
```

Reviewer: 🤣 
Looks good 💪
